dd wizard docs for crash reporting (#248)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: docs/crash_reporting.md

-   dSYMs for your iOS native code
-   Proguard mapping files if you have enabled code obfuscation for your Android native code

> To do setup your project for sending the symbolication files automatically run `npx @datadog/react-native-wizard`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set your project up to send the symbolication files automatically, run `npx @datadog/react-native-wizard`.
```

> See the wizard [official documentation][13] for options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is an internal repo and there isn't much documentation there, so this link doesn't seem useful.

Reviewer 2: @louiszawadzki do we plan on make the wizard open source?

[5]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/signed-apk-android#enabling-proguard-to-reduce-the-size-of-the-apk-optional
[6]: https://github.com/datadog/dd-sdk-android-gradle-plugin
[7]: https://github.com/cwhenderson20/react-native-crash-tester
[9]: https://fastlane.tools/
[10]: https://appcenter.ms/
[11]: https://www.bitrise.io/
[12]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/tree/master/src/commands/react-native#xcode

> [13]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-react-native-wizard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
